# Data Biography

## Student Number: 20164022

---

### 1. Who collected the data?

_The Inside Airbnb project was brought by Murray Cox, he and his team worked together to do the data collection, including some excellent code provided by Tom Slee[1]_

---

### 2. Why did they collect it?

_By scraping and analyzing the data information of Airbnb , Murray Cox and Tom Slee found that More than 1,000 listings belonging to multiple-lister hosts which may indicate the violation of state law were removed before the New York City data release. Airbnb’s connivance of these hosts is threatening affordable housing and exacerbating gentrification [2]. So they did more collection and analysis to make data more transparent and help cities and communities confront to the threat of Airbnb on residential neighbourhoods throughout the world._

---

### 3. How was it collected?

_The first stage is to locate as many listings as possible in the website, and use python to scrape data from each page of listings to collect more details like “address” “reviews” “price” etc. All the listings of a single city are called a survey, which is conducted by three ways including neighbourhood, bounding box and zipcode [2]._

---

### 4. What useful information does it contain?


_This data contains three important types of information setting a solid foundation of subsequent analysis. First, the geographic and neighborhood information, which can get access to the spatial distribution of each listing. Second, the introduction of hosts, including their total number of listings and the accessible days, by which can we get to know more about the legality of his/her rentals. Third, other detailed information of listings, such as price, amenities and reviews, supporting more in-depth comparative analysis._

---

### 5. What useful information is it missing?

_When checking the data, we found that the column of “neighbourhood_group_cleansed” is missing, as well some records of “neighborhood”. We also found some values of “beds” are smaller than the that of “bedroom”, some are even 0. What’s more, some null values appear in certain regions such as Redbridge. In the data of “host_acceptance_rate”, there are 294 of the 677pieces of data are null, but with a non-zero value of “number_of_reviews”. After checking website of those listings, it can be proved that these data are randomly missing, which may be triggered when collecting data._

---

### 6. To what extent is the data 'complete'?

_First of all, the sample size of the data should be sufficient. A large number of missing values make data less available, which may not be enough to support Follow-up analysis. Second, the diversity of data. when analyzing the problem, we need a variety of data to prove the argument. For example, numbers of variables are considered when pricing the rental, including amenity, location, even reviews online also have a certain impact [3]. Third, the authenticity of the data. The unfair phenomenon of renting has been happening all the time, like the benefits of black landlords are far less than that of white landlords. However, the data about the landlord’s gender and race are not available, which keep their voices from being heard. Ensure the authenticity of data is significant for being a "complete" picture._

---

### 7. What kinds of analysis would this support?

_Q4 summarizes three types of information collected in this data, which can be used in different analysis fields. First, geographic information can be used to analyze the spatial distribution of airbnb, for example, estimate the maindeterminants of its location choice [4], find the pattern of the distribution of Airbnb accommodations [5]. Second, combining listing information and landlord information can be used to analyze the risk raised by airbnb. Such as how much housing has Airbnb removed from the market [6], the impact on the availability of permanent rental housing with consequent pressure on rents [7]. Third, combining user reviews and housing information can be analyzed the relationship between tourists and hosts, and the factors that affect the online review. [8]_

---

### 8. What kinds of analysis would it _not_ support?

_The limitation here is the lack of longitudinal data, when analyzing the impact of any changes caused by airbnb on the city, it is necessary to combine the data of previous years, such as the analysis of rent changes and gentrification. David [9] did a vertical comparison of three years which reveals the gentrification caused by the rent gap generated by airbnb. In addition, the lack of attention to different people is also one of the limitations of the data. The mutual choice between landlords and tenants in the rental market contains different degrees of gender discrimination or racial discrimination, which is condoned by airbnb platform [10]. This may cause a "pernicious feedback loop", which helps to reinforce the unfair environment from which it spawned [11]. In that case, we should pay more attention to this type of data instead of letting this phenomenon spread._

---

### 9. Which of the uses presented in Q.7 and Q.8 are _ethical_?

_Data ethics can be defined as studies and evaluates moral problems related to data， algorithms，and corresponding practices[12]. In terms of data and algorithms, geographic information and spatial information are used to assist the analysis of spatial distribution, involving the coordinate points without establishing any connection between human information and the geographic information. Therefore it does not constitute a hazard to group privacy. In terms of practice, the results of the analysis will have a certain impact on future urban planning or the rental market, which may lead geographers to pay more attention to some certain areas. This is endowed with ethical implications and may cause prejudice to a certain extent, but Bruce [13] mentioned that the value conflicts faced can be offset to a certain extent through Individual Self-Regulation. However, with maximum flexibility in highly variable, specific research context, whether the final result is ethical or not cannot be absolutely judged, since there is no 'correct' approach to fit all context._

---

### Reference
>[1] Murray Cox. (2013, Nov. 11). Behind Inside Airbnb [Online]. Available: http://insideairbnb.com/behind.html
>[2] M. Cox and T. Slee, “How Airbnb’s data hid the facts in New York City,” Tomslee.net, pp. 1–16, 2016, [Online]. Available: http://tomslee.net/how-airbnb- hid-the- facts-in- nyc.
>[3] Yao.L, “Identifying differences in hospitality experiences across accommodation options,” (Unpublished Master Thesis). University of Queensland, St. Lucia, Australia.
>[4] J. L. Eugenio-Martin, J. M. Cazorla-Artiles, and C. González-Martel, “On the determinants of Airbnb location and its spatial distribution,” Tour. Econ., vol. 25, no. 8, pp. 1224–1244, 2019, doi: 10.1177/1354816618825415.
>[5] J. C. García-palomares, “Airbnb in tourist cities,” arXiv Prepr., pp. 1–17, 2016.
>[6] D. Wachsmuth and R. Basalaev-binder, “Wachmuth et al (2018) The High Cost of Short-Term Rentals in New York City,” 2018.
>[7] N. Gurran and P. Phibbs, “When Tourists Move In: How Should Urban Planners Respond to Airbnb?,” J. Am. Plan. Assoc., vol. 83, no. 1, pp. 80–92, 2017, doi: 10.1080/01944363.2016.1249011.
>[8] M. Cheng and X. Jin, “What do Airbnb users care about? An analysis of online review comments,” Int. J. Hosp. Manag., vol. 76, no. May 2018, pp. 58–70, 2019, doi: 10.1016/j.ijhm.2018.04.004.
>[9] D. Wachsmuth and A. Weisler, “Airbnb and the rent gap: Gentrification through the sharing economy,” Environ. Plan. A, vol. 50, no. 6, pp. 1147–1170, 2018, doi: 10.1177/0308518X18778038.
>[10] Ahuja, R., Lyons, R.C., “The Silent Treatment: LGBT Discrimination in the Sharing Economy,” (Unpublished Master Thesis). Trinity College, Dublin.
>[11] F. Kaba, A. Solimo, J. Graves, S. Glowa-Kollisch, A. Vise, R. Macdonald, A. Waters, Z. Rosner, N. Dickey, S. Angell, and H. Venters, “Disparities in Mental Health Referral and Diagnosis in the New York City Jail Mental Health Service”, American Journal of Public Health, vol. 105, no. 9, pp. 1911–1916, 2015.
>[12] L. Floridi and M. Taddeo, “What is data ethics?”, Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A: Mathematical, Physical and Engineering Sciences, vol. 374, no. 2083, p. 20160360, 2016.
>[13] B. Mitchell and D. Draper, “Ethics in geographical research,” Prof. Geogr., vol. 35, no. 1, pp. 9–17, 1983, doi: 10.1111/j.0033-0124.1983.00009.x.


 
